Clarify relation to RFC 4949 terms (#387)
ietf-rats-wg/eat: draft-ietf-rats-eat.md

Correspondingly, the EAT format allows claims to be organized using mechanisms like submodules and nested EATs (see {{submods}}).
The entity to which a claim applies is the submodule in which it appears, or to the top-level entity if it doesn't appear in a submodule.

An entity is the same as a "system component", as defined in the Internet Security Glossary {{RFC4949}}.

> Note however that the {{RFC4949}} definitions of the terms "entity" and "system entity" are not the same as the definition of entity here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that {{RFC4949}} defines  "entity" and "system entity" as synonyms, and may be a person or organization in addition to being a system component.
```

> That glossary also defines "entity" and "system entity" as something that may be a person or organization as well as a system component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

In the EAT context, "entity" never refers to a person or organization.

> The hardware and software that implement a server or service used by a web site may be an entity in the EAT sense, but the organization that runs the web site is not an entity nor is the web site itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hardware and software that implement a web site server or service may be an entity in the EAT sense, but the organization that operates, maintains or hosts the web site is not an entity.
```
